Create ui-c8y-1018-503-84-direct-sub-users-count-indicator-for-a-user-is-missing-in.md (#2000)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-1018-503-84-direct-sub-users-count-indicator-for-a-user-is-missing-in.md

---
date: ""

> title: Direct-sub-users-count-indicator-for-a-user-is-missing-in-users-list-page (#6222) [GRAFT][release/y2024] (#6234)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Direct sub-users count indicator for a user is missing in users list page
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-59054
version: 1018.503.84
---

> Direct-sub-users-count-indicator-for-a-user-is-missing-in-users-list-page (#6222) [GRAFT][release/y2024] (#6234)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
In the user management section of the application, the users list page provides an overview of all users in the system. Previously, the page was missing an indicator showing the number of direct sub-users for each user. This change adds the missing direct sub-users count indicator to the users list page. With this information now available, administrators have a better overview of the user hierarchy and can more easily understand the relationships between users.
```
